NewsUpdate Jakarta Ministers to discuss Northern Ireland prison officer murder .
Duffy arrested in connection with prison officer murder : .
Prison officer shot dead on M1 Eastbound , Irish registered car found burnt out in Inglewood with locals saying 2/3 men inside .
Garda/ Irish police arrest 29 year old in connection with prison officers murder yesterday in N.Ire .
Prison officer murdered on M1 .
Prison officer murder - arrests : Two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Northern Ireland prison officer David Black . .
Heart goes out to the prison officers family who was killed in n. Ireland yesterday . Lets not go back there again . .
[ IN THE NEWS ] Long-serving Northern Ireland prison officer murdered in motorway ambush by dissident republicans .
Murdered prison officer is named - .
Northern Ireland motorway crash victim 'ambushed ' by gunman .
On MSN today - Prison officer shot dead in ambush .
Burnt-out car linked to attack on prison officer in Northern Ireland found in Dissident Republican stronghold .
Gunman ambushes Northern Ireland prison officer .
Northern Ireland FM Peter Robinson and Deputy FM Martin McGuinness condemn `` brutal attack '' which killed prison officer .
In shock ! horrific that poor prison officers family .
Republicans Behind Motorway Attack On Prison Officer .
Is there a connection between the incident at spruce field and the murder of Prison Officer ? .
Counting blessings that I 'm working remotely today , after prison officer assassinated driving on M1 when I 'd normally be going to Belfast . .
Prison officer 's murder condemned - The Ulster Herald .
Northern Ireland prison officer ambush prompts fears of sectarian shooting war - The Guardian .
Prison officer gets stiffed .
prisoner officer shot dead on M1 in Northern Ireland . what a waste of life and does not bode well .
Prison Officer Shot Dead On Motorway In NI - Sky News .
Jail officer family 'devastated ' The family of a Northern Ireland prison officer murdered as he drove to work are `` ab .
2 suspected IRA militants arrested over slaying of Northern Ireland prison guard .
Just commented on @ thejournal_ie : Prison officer killed in Armagh motorway shooting - .
Jail officer murder : Irish arrest : Irish police arrest a man in connection with the murder of Northern Ireland prison officer David Black . .
news Murdered prison officer is named .
RIP to the prison officer shot dead while travelling to work ! Hope the scumbag gets caught justice .
The prison officer shot dead as he drove to work along the MI was David Black , a father of two , from Cookstown . .
